README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/albert85/Andela-Event-Manager.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/albert85/Andela-Event-Manager)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/albert85/Andela-Event-Manager/badge.svg?branch=develop)](https://coveralls.io/github/albert85/Andela-Event-Manager?branch=develop)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/1cbee7336aea932d58d3/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/albert85/Andela-Event-Manager/maintainability)

# Andela-Event-Manager
This is an application that manages user's events and event centres

### Hosted Application
https://andela-full-stack-event-app.herokuapp.com

### API Documentation
Click [here](https://andela-full-stack-event-app.herokuapp.com/docs) to view detailed API documentation

### Installation
1.  Install [node](https://nodejs.org/en/download)
2.  Download [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/download)
3.  Clone the repo and cd into it
    `git clone https://github/albert85/Andela-Event-Manager.git`
    `cd Andela-Event-Manager`
4.  Install all dependencies
    `npm install`
5.  Configure Postgres
    `configure your database setting in ./server/config/config.json`
6.  Run database migration
    `sequelize db:migrate`
7.  Start your app
    `npm run start`
8.  Run the application to your browser
    `https://localhost:8000/`

### Features
- Create an account using first name, last name, email and password
- Sign in using email and password
- Create events
- Edit events
- Delete events
- Search a center by name and location
- View different events in different centers with the date of event
- Admin can create and edit centers
- An admin can cancel event bookings
- User can receive notification by email when any of their booked event is canceled

### Testing
The app uses chai for backend testing and enzyme, jest for front-end testing
- `npm run test` - Backend testing
- `npm run test:client` - Unit testing
- `npm run e2eTest` - end-to-end testing


### Limitation
- No user profile
- No password reset feature currently on the app
- Users can only use the application when they signup and login
- Users cannot search center using available facilities


### License
This project is licensed under the MIT license


### Built With
- Expressjs
- Nodejs
- Morgan
- Body-Parser
- Express-validator
- Sequelize
- React
- Boostrap
- Redux

### Author
- Temitope Albert Olarewaju

### Acknowledgements
- Bootstrap
- ReactJS
- ReductJS
- Cloudinary
- Jquery

Commit message:

[Chore #158964998] Feedback Implement
This PR implements Feed

[Finishes #158964998]

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/albert85/Andela-Event-Manager.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/albert85/Andela-Event-Manager)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/albert85/Andela-Event-Manager/badge.svg?branch=develop)](https://coveralls.io/github/albert85/Andela-Event-Manager?branch=develop)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/1cbee7336aea932d58d3/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/albert85/Andela-Event-Manager/maintainability)

# Andela-Event-Manager
This is an application that manages user's events and event centres

### Hosted Application
https://andela-full-stack-event-app.herokuapp.com

### API Documentation
Click [here](https://andela-full-stack-event-app.herokuapp.com/docs) to view detailed API documentation

### Installation
1.  Install [node](https://nodejs.org/en/download)
2.  Download [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/download)
3.  Clone the repo and cd into it
    `git clone https://github/albert85/Andela-Event-Manager.git`
    `cd Andela-Event-Manager`
4.  Install all dependencies
    `npm install`
5.  Configure Postgres
    `configure your database setting in ./server/config/config.json`
6.  Run database migration
    `sequelize db:migrate`
7.  Start your app
    `npm run start`
8.  Run the application to your browser
    `https://localhost:8000/`

### Features
- Create an account using first name, last name, email and password
- Sign in using email and password
- Create events
- Edit events
- Delete events
- Search a center by name and location
- View different events in different centers with the date of event
- Admin can create and edit centers
- An admin can cancel event bookings
- User can receive notification by email when any of their booked event is canceled

### Testing
The app uses chai for backend testing and enzyme, jest for front-end testing
- `npm run test` - Backend testing
- `npm run test:client` - Unit testing
- `npm run e2eTest` - end-to-end testing


### Limitation
- No user profile
- No password reset feature currently on the app
- Users can only use the application when they signup and login
- Users cannot search center using available facilities


### License
This project is licensed under the MIT license


### Built With
- Expressjs
- Nodejs
- Morgan
- Body-Parser
- Express-validator
- Sequelize
- React
- Boostrap
- Redux

### Contributing
If you are interested in contributing to development of this project, follow the instructions below to contribute.

Fork the repository

Make your change

Commit your change to your forked repository

Provide a detailed commit description

Raise a pull request against the develop branch

Please see [Project wiki](https://github.com/andela/bestpractices/wiki/Git-naming-conventions-and-best-practices) for project conventions


### Author
- ##### Temitope Albert Olarewaju


### Acknowledgements
- Bootstrap
- ReactJS
- ReductJS
- Cloudinary
- Jquery
